README.md, before:

# NiiFi exchange smart contracts

This repository contains both the NiiFi v1-core and v1-periphery repositories. Changes versus the original repositories are:
- Compatibility with the Nahmii Virtual Machine (NVM).
- Updated Waffle from V2 to V3.
- Updated tests to work with Waffle V3.
- Generalized test configuration. (less duplication)
- Compiler options for both the EVM and the NVM.
- Updated WETH9 smart contract to work with the NVM.
- Hardhat integration.
- Deploy scripts for the Nahmii Testnet network.
- Updated pair parameters. 
- Updated error strings.

## Requirements

Tested with:
- Nodejs v16.5.0
- Ubuntu 20.04

## Architecture

This repository contains 2 different solidity projects with two different compiler versions:
- niifi-v1-core -> Solidity 0.5.16
- niifi-v1-periphery -> Solidity 0.6.12

The `core` project contains the main file to be deployed, the `NiiFiV1Factory` contract. The `periphery` project contains the `NiiFiV1Router02` contract, which is required for routing swaps and liquidity actions between pairs. 

The `NiiFiV1Library` contract depends on the hash of the `NiiFiV1Pair` contract. This hash can be different based on the Solidity version and number of optimization runs used. To generate a new hash code for your specific target, compile the contracts and run the `generate-init-code-hash` script that can be found in the core contracts scripts folder.

## Deployed contracts

### Nahmii Testnet

- Factory: 0x11AB0Ca40B2E9Bf2c98718539cA1aD7486999E57
- INIT_CODE_HASH: 0x0afcd21f90e27818df9c484881aac8a20b869cbd86156c655d2020ef6950a5ba
- Router02: 0x38b5890E36cbc164A677d6A6192A39E8Fa9EcDf4
- NEURO: 0xB59C984a529490fde6698702342b292840743bb8
- NUSD: 0xab151cD390C6b0eB41A4a45E1E372972C3067b1a
- NEURO-NUSD pair: 0x136ff75c58BAa3c30d282fBbFaEC4A5C9A4B0226
- NEURO-ETH pair: 0x1450f8e037D7275ed2aE467af356603521251a13 


### Nahmii Mainnet

- Factory: 0xe3DcF89D0c90A877cD82283EdFA7C3Bd03e77E86
- INIT_CODE_HASH: 0x0afcd21f90e27818df9c484881aac8a20b869cbd86156c655d2020ef6950a5ba
- Router02: 0x01dF38E20738c58aF8141504aa6C88013d3D6C5A

Commit message:

Add block explorer links to the deployed contracts
Add block explorer links to the deployed contracts and verification steps.

README.md, after:

# NiiFi exchange smart contracts

This repository contains both the NiiFi v1-core and v1-periphery repositories. Changes versus the original repositories are:
- Compatibility with the Nahmii Virtual Machine (NVM).
- Updated Waffle from V2 to V3.
- Updated tests to work with Waffle V3.
- Generalized test configuration. (less duplication)
- Compiler options for both the EVM and the NVM.
- Updated WETH9 smart contract to work with the NVM.
- Hardhat integration.
- Deploy scripts for the Nahmii Testnet network.
- Updated pair parameters. 
- Updated error strings.

## Requirements

Tested with:
- Nodejs v16.5.0
- Ubuntu 20.04

## Architecture

This repository contains 2 different solidity projects with two different compiler versions:
- niifi-v1-core -> Solidity 0.5.16
- niifi-v1-periphery -> Solidity 0.6.12

The `core` project contains the main file to be deployed, the `NiiFiV1Factory` contract. The `periphery` project contains the `NiiFiV1Router02` contract, which is required for routing swaps and liquidity actions between pairs. 

The `NiiFiV1Library` contract depends on the hash of the `NiiFiV1Pair` contract. This hash can be different based on the Solidity version and number of optimization runs used. To generate a new hash code for your specific target, compile the contracts and run the `generate-init-code-hash` script that can be found in the core contracts scripts folder.

## Deployed contracts

### Nahmii Testnet

- Factory: [0x11AB0Ca40B2E9Bf2c98718539cA1aD7486999E57](https://explorer.testnet.nahmii.io/address/0x11AB0Ca40B2E9Bf2c98718539cA1aD7486999E57)
- INIT_CODE_HASH: 0x0afcd21f90e27818df9c484881aac8a20b869cbd86156c655d2020ef6950a5ba
- Router02: [0x38b5890E36cbc164A677d6A6192A39E8Fa9EcDf4](https://explorer.testnet.nahmii.io/address/0x38b5890E36cbc164A677d6A6192A39E8Fa9EcDf4)
- NEURO: [0xB59C984a529490fde6698702342b292840743bb8](https://explorer.testnet.nahmii.io/address/0xB59C984a529490fde6698702342b292840743bb8)
- NUSD: [0xab151cD390C6b0eB41A4a45E1E372972C3067b1a](https://explorer.testnet.nahmii.io/address/0xab151cD390C6b0eB41A4a45E1E372972C3067b1a)
- NEURO-NUSD pair: [0x136ff75c58BAa3c30d282fBbFaEC4A5C9A4B0226](https://explorer.testnet.nahmii.io/address/0x136ff75c58BAa3c30d282fBbFaEC4A5C9A4B0226)
- NEURO-ETH pair: [0x1450f8e037D7275ed2aE467af356603521251a13](https://explorer.testnet.nahmii.io/address/0x1450f8e037D7275ed2aE467af356603521251a13)


### Nahmii Mainnet

- Factory: [0xe3DcF89D0c90A877cD82283EdFA7C3Bd03e77E86](https://explorer.nahmii.io/address/0xe3DcF89D0c90A877cD82283EdFA7C3Bd03e77E86)
- INIT_CODE_HASH: 0x0afcd21f90e27818df9c484881aac8a20b869cbd86156c655d2020ef6950a5ba
- Router02: [0x01dF38E20738c58aF8141504aa6C88013d3D6C5A](https://explorer.nahmii.io/address/0x01dF38E20738c58aF8141504aa6C88013d3D6C5A)

## Verify contracts

To verify the validity of our contracts against the live versions procede with the following steps:
- Compile the contracts for the NVM compiler target.
- Retrieve the bytecode from the contract you want to test against by finding said contracts JSON in the `artifacts-nvm` folder.
- Navigate to one of the above mentioned addresses on our block explorer and copy the bytecode.
- Compare the bytecode either by replacement or using a diffing tool.
